Add learning objectives (#2)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/green-digital-skills: modules/ci-cd-handson/info.md

order: 0
---

> * How do I set up or adapt my continuous integration system so that tests run only when needed? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module you will learn to answer the following questions:

* How do I set up or adapt my continuous integration and deployment system to minimize energy usage?
* What are good triggers and intervals to run my various types of tests? 
```
